Question: 
	
Question --> what are the key things you would consider when 
creating/consuming an API to ensure that it is secure and reliable?


Answer :- 

There are some key points which should you follow when we creating or 
consuming a API request , this points are -- 

1. Authentication -->  Any of our application should has the feature of authentication for the the purpose of
                        accessing our APIs by the user i.e by providing user user id and password it generate
                        a uuid token by authenticating the user id and password. So that not any user login
                        without proper authentication.
                        

2. Authorization --> This feature which should be there in any web-services. No one who is not
                     authorized person should not have access to changing any data form database.
                     In provide a user is authorized only to certain limit it means that admin can login and 
                     see details of its customer but on the other hand customer can see all information
                     releated to its self only. 
                     
3. Session Management -->  It process the secure handling of multiple request from entity.
                           In other word i.e it refers to the process of securely handling multiple 
                           requests to a web-based application or service from a single user or entity.
                           
4. Validation --> It is also a important thing which will allow to user to fill the data for posting 
                  according our validations of APIs.
 
 
5. Encryption ==> It provide security by converting user id and password in encrypted form . so that third 
                   person not able to get this details . This can done encytion the msg by using different 
                   encryption and hashing technique or this HTTPS server.
  
 While developing we need to keep in mind of above key points.     
            
                                                    